otelslog: Add WithSource option (#6253)
open-telemetry/opentelemetry-go-contrib: CHANGELOG.md

## [Unreleased]

### Added

> - Added the `WithSource` option to the `go.opentelemetry.io/contrib/bridges/otelslog` log bridge to set the source attribute in the log record. (#6253)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Add the `WithSource` option to the `go.opentelemetry.io/contrib/bridges/otelslog` log bridge to set the `source` attribute in the log record that includes the source location where the record was emitted. (#6253)
```

- Transform raw (`slog.KindAny`) attribute values to matching `log.Value` types.
  For example, `[]string{"foo", "bar"}` attribute value is now transformed to `log.SliceValue(log.StringValue("foo"), log.StringValue("bar"))` instead of `log.String("[foo bar"])`. (#6254)

> - Add the `WithSource` option to the `go.opentelemetry.io/contrib/bridges/otelslog` log bridge to set the `source` attribute in the log record that includes the source location where the record was emitted. (#6253)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Add the `WithSource` option to the `go.opentelemetry.io/contrib/bridges/otelslog` log bridge to set the `code.*` attributes in the log record that includes the source location where the record was emitted. (#6253)
```
